c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\bin\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\bin\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\bin\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.Books.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.login.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.mainform.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.splash.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.studentForm.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.bookreturnForm.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.issuebookForm.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.librariansForm.resources
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.adminloginForm.resources
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\bin\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.exe.manifest
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\bin\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.application
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.exe.manifest
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.application
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.adminloginForm.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.bookreturnForm.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.Books.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.issuebookForm.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.librariansForm.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.login.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.mainform.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.splash.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.studentForm.resources
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.exe
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\bin\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.exe.config
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\bin\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.exe.manifest
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\bin\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.application
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\bin\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.exe
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\bin\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\bin\Debug\JWT.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.exe.manifest
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.application
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Projects\LibraryManagementSystem\LibraryManagementSystem\obj\Debug\LibraryManagementSystem.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
